docs: add description for ASTARTE_INSTANCE_ID variable (#1509)
astarte-platform/astarte: doc/pages/architecture/090-database.md

Astarte automatically takes care of keyspaces, tables creation and intra-version migrations (those tasks are performed by `astarte_housekeeping` or `astarte_realm_management`, depending on the context). The following documentation is just a reference about Astarte's internal statements, and is related to the release series referenced by the documentation.

### Astarte Instance ID
The Astarte Instance ID is needed in order to run multiple Astarte instances on a shared database, 
as it provides proper namespace isolation. It is configurable by setting the `ASTARTE_INSTANCE_ID` environment variable, and when set to an empty string (the default), maintains the same behavior 

> as previous installations. The Astarte Operator fully supports this variable and, when set, it is

Reviewer: following up my previous comment, I suggest at least having the description and implementation specification be separate. If not in separate headings, at least separate paragraphs. Right now the same sentence contains both description and implementation details

```suggestion
as previous installations. The Astarte Instance ID is fully supported by the Astarte Operator.

#### Inner workings

When the Astarte Instance ID is set, it is
```

Astarte automatically takes care of keyspaces, tables creation and intra-version migrations (those tasks are performed by `astarte_housekeeping` or `astarte_realm_management`, depending on the context). The following documentation is just a reference about Astarte's internal statements, and is related to the release series referenced by the documentation.

### Astarte Instance ID
The Astarte Instance ID is needed in order to run multiple Astarte instances on a shared database, 
as it provides proper namespace isolation. It is configurable by setting the `ASTARTE_INSTANCE_ID` environment variable, and when set to an empty string (the default), maintains the same behavior 

> as previous installations. The Astarte Instance ID is fully supported by the Astarte Operator.
> 
> 
> #### Inner workings
> When the Astarte Instance ID is set, it is used as a prefix for the Cassandra keyspace name. 
> If the resulting keyspace name would exceed Cassandra’s length limits, suitable adjustments 
> are automatically applied to ensure compliance. For the usage with the operator you can 
> refer to [the corresponding documentation](https://docs.astarte-platform.org/astarte-kubernetes-operator/24.5/001-intro_administrator.html) 

Reviewer: let's keep operator documentation together. other than that, lgtm

```suggestion
as previous installations. 

The Astarte Instance ID is fully supported by the Astarte Operator.For the usage with the operator you can 
refer to [the corresponding documentation](https://docs.astarte-platform.org/astarte-kubernetes-operator/24.5/001-intro_administrator.html) 

#### Inner workings
When the Astarte Instance ID is set, it is used as a prefix for the Cassandra keyspace name. 
If the resulting keyspace name would exceed Cassandra’s length limits, suitable adjustments 
are automatically applied to ensure compliance.
```
